该项目的所有的代码均是开源代码tinyhttpd，https://sourceforge.net/projects/tinyhttpd/

为了学习多线程以及socket网路编程，我将该带码通读了一遍，几乎每个函数都写了注释，
一方面帮助我记忆；另一方面帮助别人理解项目代码。

tinyhttpd是非常好的开源项目，很适合初学者学习。此外，如果你是很熟悉多线程和网络编程，看我写的注释应该也能够帮助你理解。

希望能够为大家带上来帮助！

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

我后续会在README文档中更新该项目的思路。同时，我也打算根据工作中学到的知识对该项目进行简单的重构。


  
  
  
  This software is copyright 1999 by J. David Blackstone.  Permission
is granted to redistribute and modify this software under the terms of
the GNU General Public License, available at http://www.gnu.org/ .

  If you use this software or examine the code, I would appreciate
knowing and would be overjoyed to hear about it at
jdavidb@sourceforge.net .

  This software is not production quality.  It comes with no warranty
of any kind, not even an implied warranty of fitness for a particular
purpose.  I am not responsible for the damage that will likely result
if you use this software on your computer system.

  I wrote this webserver for an assignment in my networking class in
1999.  We were told that at a bare minimum the server had to serve
pages, and told that we would get extra credit for doing "extras."
Perl had introduced me to a whole lot of UNIX functionality (I learned
sockets and fork from Perl!), and O'Reilly's lion book on UNIX system
calls plus O'Reilly's books on CGI and writing web clients in Perl got
me thinking and I realized I could make my webserver support CGI with
little trouble.

  Now, if you're a member of the Apache core group, you might not be
impressed.  But my professor was blown over.  Try the color.cgi sample
script and type in "chartreuse."  Made me seem smarter than I am, at
any rate. :)

  Apache it's not.  But I do hope that this program is a good
educational tool for those interested in http/socket programming, as
well as UNIX system calls.  (There's some textbook uses of pipes,
environment variables, forks, and so on.)

  One last thing: if you look at my webserver or (are you out of
mind?!?) use it, I would just be overjoyed to hear about it.  Please
email me.  I probably won't really be releasing major updates, but if
I help you learn something, I'd love to know!

  Happy hacking!

                                   J. David Blackstone
